He is the one we proclaim, admonishing and teaching everyone with all wisdom so that we may present everyone fully mature in Christ.
To this end, I strenuously contend with all the energy Christ so powerfully works in me.
This is the word of the Lord.
Thanks be to you.
Would you remain standing for one more moment?
Some of you all knew.
Don't play with me.
May we be good hears of the word and better doers.
May we love Jesus deeply.
May we trust what Jesus says.
And may we follow Jesus well.
You may be seated.
Headlines, reels, comments, debates, open your phone, tap, swipe, refresh.
Crap.
That friend posted something.
You brace yourself.
It's tough.
And then that feeling comes back.
It seems to be around a lot lately.
It happens on your commute.
in the grocery line and even at the dinner table.
It's exhausting and yet strangely addictive.
It's that gut feeling, that unease, that longing.
That's your soul.
It's your soul aching for what's missing.
See y'all, we long for a better human story.
One marked by flourishing love, justice, joy, and peace.
Yes?
Non-retorical?
Yeah?
I mean, at least I do.
That longing though, it's not random, it's designed.
It's what the ancients called a telos.
Say telos.
Like you're not afraid, it's 6 p.m. Telos.
There you go.
See, telos is the direction we quietly aim our lives at.
It's our vision of the good life we think will make us whole.
We, human beings are wired for a telos for a direction.
That's why that headline and that decision and that post and that conversation stirs something up in us.
So deep down, we know that something about this version of humanity isn't really working and yet, we haven't fixed it yet.
So laws can restrain behavior, but they can't make a new heart, and policy can organize a nation, but it can't transform a person.
Posting, it may help you vent, and gossiping may help you feel connected, but none of that actually fixes the real problem.
This version of humanity doesn't seem to be working.
Do you know that ache?
Non-retorical.
Have you experienced that?
Do you see that you feel that on your day?
The scripture names that ink and offers the only sufficient ends, verse 28.
Jesus is the one we proclaim, admonishing and teaching everyone.
Now this is not Paul saying, oh, we're just sharing ideas or preaching happy sermons.
This is Paul putting truth or reality into the mind.
It's loving correction that forms people into what they're created for.
He says he does this with with all wisdom.
wisdom or a shorthand could be spirit-guided skill for a living.
Why?
So that we may present everyone mature in Christ.
The word mature is a form of that word, telos.
It means something like, I'm on the journey toward being like Jesus.
It's not flawless.
but it's aligned.
He says, to this end, I strenuously contend with all the energy Christ so powerfully works in me.
See, Paul is saying that Jesus is the telos of humanity.
So he's partnering or co-laboring with Jesus to see the Colossians become like Jesus.
Now, if we think about the church in Colossae, this is a smaller town in a vast empire.
It's overshadowed by bigger cities, yet still a trade hub that mattered.
This is a city known for craft and industry, kind of like our creative economy.
It's a city that's caught between imperial politics and local identity, trying to find its place in an empire's story.
It's a city of spiritual plurality, Greek, Roman, and Jewish spiritual buffet.
And in that mix, a church under constant pressure to live the Jesus and.
story, Jesus and this philosophy, Jesus and that political vision, Jesus and this way of living.
Does this sound familiar?
Does it?
See, Paul tells this church that it's possible for them to miss their tell-offs of becoming like Jesus.
If they are going to experience what they long for, what they ache for, they need someone to teach.
Someone say teach?
Admonish.
With wisdom.
Now here's what's wild.
Colossians chapter three, just turn the Bible one page over.
Let the message of Christ dwell among you richly as you teach, admonish one another with all wisdom through Psalms, hymns, and songs from the spirit, singing to God with gratitude in your hearts.
See, Paul uses the same language here in chapter three as he does in chapter one, teaching,
admonishing with all wisdom for formation into Christ's image.
But now the action moves from the pulpit to the pews.
It's not just the apostle who participates, it's the whole assembly gathered.
Paul's commissioning the church to join in their own spiritual formation, not through songs, but through sermons.
He's essentially saying, y'all, now you come do what I was doing.
Help one another become like Jesus and be who you're made to be through seeing.
So right now we're in the middle of a teaching series called a prayer shaped life and up for today, becoming like Jesus through our song prayers.
This is a sermon I've waited a long time to get to each.
So here we go.
This is not a new practice.
In Exodus, God's people were delivered from the snake and they respond with a song.
This is their first act as a new people.
It's celebration, yes, but it's also communal formation.
They are establishing their identity through song.
And this is the scriptures first corporate song.
Then after giving instructions in Deuteronomy, God gives his people a song so that they'll remember how to live as God's people in a foreign land.
The largest part of scripture, the Psalms, is a collection of sung prayers meant to form or shape God's people.
Zach Hicks puts it, a song or hymn is a corporate prayer of the people in toned with a melody.
See, now notice as you read the Psalms, the opening Psalms, Psalm chapter one, and the longest Psalm, Psalm 119, and which happens to be the longest chapter in the Bible, they're not songs of worship upward to God, but songs of formation outward for the people.
and they were meant to be sung to one another.
This pattern continues into lamentations, poems and songs shaping God's people through their pain.
As they sing and as they pray their pain, the people of God are shaped.
And then the gospels, it tells us something interesting, that the night before the cross, Jesus sang a hymn with his disciples.
That's Matthew 26, I believe, and then also Mark 14.
The night before the cross, the whole thing stops and Jesus pauses long enough to sing a hymn.
Don't miss that.
See, before his suffering and before their testing, they sang.
This is likely Psalm 115 through 118, the Halal songs.
These are songs God's people sang whenever they gathered around that table.
See, the songs, they formed them since childhood.
And these were the songs that, and these were the songs in the songbook
that Jesus went to when he was actually on the cross.
My God, my God, why have you forsaken me is actually Psalm 22.
And into your hands, I commit my spirit, Psalm
31, do you see what's happening while Jesus is on the cross?
I actually theorize that Jesus on the cross is meditating on the Psalms, starting at Psalm 22 and going all the way to Psalm 31.
If you read through those Psalms and just imagine Jesus holding those in his imagination, praying, and dare I say, singing those on the cross is a powerful experience.
Jesus drew on the song prayers of his day to endure suffering and stay faithful to the Father.
So why wouldn't we?
See, the epistles, they expect and then they instruct songs to be sung, not just to God, but to one another in order to strengthen and comfort and encourage and develop the body.
And then the last word of Scripture, Revelation, it ends not with sermons, but with songs, showing that corporate singing is a practice for this age and the age to come.
So God's people continued in this practice.
Bonhoeffer said that the singing together of a hymn is the voice of the church praising, thinking, and praying.
Augustine said that hymns and psalms should be sung lest the people should wax faint through the tediousness of sorrow.
And then famously Augustine put it, he who sings praise twice.
He who sings praise twice.
See, singing has always been one of the main ways that God forms His people into a new humanity.
Now, God's people have been doing for millennia what neuroscience is only describing now.
And I'm a little bit of a nerd.
This is the stuff I like, spend my time reading about for fun.
And so let me just like go with me for one moment.
Are you with me?
You're with me, beautiful.
When we sing together, our brains actually, and our heart rates, our emotions, our confession, and our attentions, they actually sync up.
See, our emotional centers, they light up and they release joy chemicals like endorphins or oxytocin.
Group song creates a shared pattern.
It's called physiological synchrony, but the church has long called it being one body with as many members.
And not like the science here is a wild if you learn more about it or you read history.
It's why militaries for centuries for ages have had musicians play with them while the military practices marching or stepping in time because it's actually wiring their brains together.
See, every week that we sing together, we're forming new neural bonds.
We're deepening connection and training our empathy.
The spirit of God has always used embodied song to then wake us up and to resensitize us to God and to one another and then to train us to feel rightly.
Non-retorical question, how many of us know that in following Jesus, he actually wants us to think differently?
And if you don't, just welcome to following Jesus.
And I mean that with no sarcasm, Jesus cares a lot about what we think.
Because sometimes the ways that we think are off.
They're out of alignment.
That's why Jesus will constantly say things like, you have heard that it was said, but I say to you, he's trying to get us new mental maps to re-see and to rethink about the world.
Jesus also cares about what we do with our bodies and how we act and how we live and what we do with our possessions, but Jesus also cares, not just about how we think or how we act, but also how we feel.
He wants to train us how to feel rightly because not
all the ways that we know how to navigate our emotions and navigate the world through our feelings are always correct.
Like, have you all not had that conversation or you've been in that moment or in the environment where something's going on or someone's like sharing a thing and then this is your community group just like look forward, you know?
But, and then like someone says something and it's kind of off-key.
There's like a little off-putting and you're just like, yo, read the room, like not the moment.
What is that?
Well, that's us actually not knowing how to feel rightly.
Our feelings need to be trained.
And Psalms and songs, they help us do that.
They grow our capacity to lament evil or celebrate good or grieve loss or anticipate hope.
The point is my feelings are not always correct.
And singing together actually trains us to feel with God and with one another.
One of my favorite people to read right now is David Taylor.
And he writes that the Psalms invite us to sing the joys and heartaches of our neighbors.
Whether or not we feel those things ourselves.
To sing in both ways over time is to cultivate faithful feelings.
See, when we sing both our own griefs, but also our neighbor's joys.
At the same time, in the same day, we grow in Christ-like empathy.
Sometimes we even pray or sing on behalf of others who can't find the words themselves or don't have the will to pray those words themselves.
Singing is actually a part of how we learn to feel rightly.
Now yes, there is a real danger of singing that's emotionally manipulative.
But maybe for us, our danger is refusing to let singing be emotionally formative.
See, we can wall ourselves off trying to avoid emotionalism or being emotionally manipulated, but what happens to us if we don't allow the music of God's people, the songs of God's people to actually form us?
See, singing, it shapes us.
It's a form of mutual submission, and it trains us in humility and unity.
It models being one body and many vocal parts.
So actually with that, join the choir.
You know, shameless plug.
It's a way that I think it actually reflects the Trinity.
I love gospel music, and in it, you'll hear all these different harmonies and vocal parts coming together.
It's showing diversity and unity in one.
It reflects the Godhead who is three and one with these vocal parts by the act of singing.
Paul talks about that the new humanity, the family of God gathered together of different classes, socioeconomic statuses, Jew, Gentile, nations, cultures, when we gather together, we do something.
It's something powerful.
It puts the principalities and powers of our day on notice that their age and their reign is coming to an end.
And we do that somehow through singing.
See, singing, it allows us to abandon our ego and live as a community, singing new songs.
It helps us name what God is doing in us and singing old songs or ancient songs or even the scripture.
It connects us to the global, ancient and cosmic church.
as we rehearse a new humanity gathered in Christ.
That's coming one day.
So singing forms a people and it's forming us.
Taylor again says that the children of light are a singing people.
The Spirit instructs our unstable hearts and weak minds through the physical act of singing.
or James K. Smith argues, the bodily blending of voices has an unarticulated implications for cultivating harmony in your community, a way to practice harmony, mutual submission, and synchronicity.
And then Paul Chacolte brings it together, sacred songs, song as prayer shapes the people of God.
Sacred song is prayer.
It shapes the people of God.
To summarize, singing is how we pray together, become a family, and are formed into Christ's likeness.
Or said another way, singing is how we live until our telos.
Now, let's just pause for a moment.
If you're willing to give a deep breath in, let it out slowly.
The most important voice that you hear today is not mine.
It's the spirits.
Let's take a moment to just listen to the Spirit's whisper already.
We're not here to just be good here as we want to put the teaching into practice.
So the question is not, what did I learn or what do I like or is this new or fresh?
A lot of this hopefully isn't new, but the question is, Holy Spirit, what are you saying to me?
So if you're willing to posture your body with open hands, I just invite you to close your eyes for a moment.
Just listen for the Spirit's whisper even right now.
Holy Spirit, already, what are you saying to me?
Where in me is there resonance?
Where in me is there resistance?
How do you want me to practice this?
Holy Spirit, what are you saying to me?
If something comes to mind, I encourage you to write it down.
Journal it, put it in your phone, but just pay attention.
What are you saying to me?
Take about 10 more seconds.
Five, four, three, two, and one.
Now, I spent most of my 20s pastoring in Seattle while rocking a chin strap, this chin strap.
Look at that.
That's crazy.
That would give Tyler a run for his money.
And I had the time of my life doing that with this community of people.
You can put that away.
I love that season deeply.
But in 2020, I said yes to being a part of this community with basically just one condition.
I do not want to be on staff for worship."
To which God was like, you know, what was that, Christian?
About two years later, the chin strap's gone.
I'm married, and I'm the pastor of worship here.
And my wife, Yinka, and I were talking about our world and our work.
I have a Master's in Bible and Theology.
She has hers in policy and human rights.
She's spent her life working with displaced people
when their world is unraveling and things are falling apart, things are chaotic.
I have so much respect for her and her work and what she does.
I get to, you know, when she works at home, if I see what she's doing, like I learn a lot about what she's doing.
And I remember one day at some point she asked me, so Christian, what exactly do you do all day?
So I'm like, no, that's a fair question.
To answer, I want to take all y'all
somewhere unexpected and maybe some more strangely familiar at the same time.
Because that same question has been asked again and again throughout history and in moments like these, what does the church do when the world is unraveling?
Like that.
God bless the kids workers.
That someone is unraveling.
Now, by the 18th century, England's telos had shifted.
Subtle destructive ends were guiding people towards despair.
The telos of the enlightenment said, life is about progress.
Does that story sound familiar?
See, but now progress was starting to unravel.
Industry was changing.
Jobs were vanishing.
Work was disappearing.
The gap between the rich and the poor kept growing.
Comfort and security were slipping away.
Addiction was on the rise.
Even the rhythms of weekly worship were fading.
then in the 1730s, revival broke out.
And one of the main faces of this revival was John Wesley.
See, this movement, this revival was defined or characterized or marked by what I think we long for today, personal holiness and devotion, discipleship in community, and compassion for the poor and marginalized.
See, this crew of people, they practiced a lot of the things we do, scripture reading.
prayer, fasting, communion, and ongoing repentance, confession, and accountability.
They organized new believers into class meetings which some historians argue were the forerunners of modern small groups and house churches today.
They were about being so filled with the love of God that it overflowed into obedience, joy, and compassion.
So what did they do?
They visited the poor and the sick and they went to prisons.
They gave food, clothing, and coal to the poor.
They lived simply, earned
and gave generously.
They established free medical dispensaries.
They organized schools for impoverished children.
They created loan funds to help the unemployed.
And they even advocated for the abolition of slavery.
Talk about revival.
See, this was a revival of methodological formation, a movement committed to the whole person following Jesus through everyday practices of holiness, community, and compassion.
That's where they got their names, the Methodists.
See, their mission was to end, I quote, spread scriptural holiness throughout the land.
Man, we need that today.
And that revival,
It didn't just spark individual or personal renewal.
It sparked moral and social renewal, helping curb alcoholism in their day.
It's helped stop violence and breakdown in communities.
It was known for elevating women's roles in preaching, leading class meetings and shaping their spiritual life for the movement to which we should all say amen.
Some even speculate that the Methodism may have helped prevent a violent revolution in England like what happened in France.
What about for the church?
Well, Methodism helped birth the holiness movement, which emphasized sanctification and life in the spirit.
That is the tradition that William Seymour, a descendant of slaves, was steeped in when the Azusa Street Revival broke out on the west coast of America.
Now Azusa fueled modern Pentecostalism, which birthed numerous denominations, arguably the largest global mission's movement in church history, the Billy Graham Crusades, the charismatic renewal, the Jesus people movement, and more.
All of these waters that we presently benefit from and drink out of can be traced back to this move of God, a people committed to scriptural holiness throughout the land.
Now here, does that already do something in you?
It does for me.
What if God could do that in our day?
What if he could?
Now here's what's wild, and here's what stirred something in me that I think is for us.
Historians say that while the sermons of John Wesley sparked the revival, it was the songs of his brother Charles that sustained it.
He sermons laid the foundation, but songs carried revival into everyday life.
Now, when I say revival, I don't mean longer, more emotional gatherings.
Revival is about being united, union with Jesus.
It's about becoming like him and doing what he did.
It means devotion to Jesus in the disciple.
It means formation into the image of Jesus in the church.
And it means mission outside of the gatherings in the city.
And revival was sustained through song.
See, Charles wrote, some say at least 6500, if not 9,000 hymns, songs, and spiritual poems.
One historian says that the hymns surpassed, that his hymns surpassed John Sermons in spreading Methodists life and mission.
Another said that if we lost the Bible, but kept Wesley's hymns, we could recompose the biblical story.
That's crazy.
See, for Methodists,
Singing was catechism.
It was catechism.
It was a way of God's people trained their whole selves into Christ's likeness.
Songs were described as second to the Bible in Methodist formation.
Families, they sang them at home.
They prayed through them.
They, often on their deathbeds, many people, they would cling to the lines they've been singing since their conversion.
These songs that didn't just shape individuals they created,
a holy community, or as Gordon Fee once told his students, let me hear you sing.
Let me hear you pray.
And I will write your theology.
Let me hear what you sing.
Let me hear what you pray.
And I will write your theology.
See, they believe that they were called to sing the faith.
Why?
Well, because most early Methodists, like most of the church today,
were poor, uneducated, and unable to read or forward books.
They couldn't listen to a podcast.
So songs were their theology texts, discipleship manual, song and prayer book all wrapped into one.
These hymns, they helped ordinary people live the biblical story from awakening to new birth through sanctification and suffering and into death with hope and faithfulness to Jesus.
Be along for that too.
See songs, they mature God's people in personal holiness and devotion, discipleship in community, and compassion or care for the poor and marginalized in their time or in our words.
Song helped God's people be with Jesus, become like Jesus, and do what Jesus did.
Now watch this.
Yeah, that's Lewis.
Louis is a part of our church family.
I think he's coming for my job.
And that's great.
But y'all, can you hear what our songs have the potential to do in us?
And by us, in the most broad sense, all of us.
See, they're aiming us at our telos.
They're forming a new humanity.
even as the youngest among us repeat to their mom and to his own heart.
I just wanna be like him.
Holy Spirit made me make me more like Jesus.
Take my life and steer it wherever you see fit.
I wanna be like him.
That's doing something to us and in us.
It is forming and shaping us.
A parent in our church recently told me that their kid came up and asked, Mommy, what does it mean when our church yells to Jesus?
I am yours, completely yours.
For I am yours, completely yours.
Y'all, that's what this is about.
It's like establishing and rooting our identity in Jesus.
Even if we have to shout it, like the truest thing about me is that I belong to Jesus.
Nothing can change that.
Nothing can snatch that.
So the youngest among us are hearing they belong to Jesus.
Nothing's gonna change that.
They can't outrun it.
See, our songs have a purpose.
They help us name and sustain what God is doing among us.
And hear me when I say this, your sisters and your brothers need your song.
They need it.
Like we need the songs of one another, the voices of one another to help us, in Paul's words, follow Jesus, beformed into the image of Jesus, to help us teach, admonish, with all wisdom, a people becoming like.
Jesus, so how do I put this into practice?
Well, you probably don't need to add anything to your life, actually, but you probably can show up more intentionally to the times of musical worship already in your week.
Maybe start by asking when and where am I already engaging in song prayer during a Sunday gathering in the prayer room on the bus home with my AirPods or
while I work out washed dishes or tune out that one colleague, you know?
See, we practice singing our formative prayers by engaging thoughtfully, intentionally, and actively in those moments.
Thoughtfully, intentionally and actively, thoughtfully, intentionally, and actively.
So maybe consider, are you unthoughtfully consuming Christian music
Like hearing the songs, but not attentive to the words.
Are you unintentionally showing up to saying, but not purposefully steering your heart?
Or are you passively listening to other saying, but not joining in unless you feel it?
And I get that temptation too.
Now, can I push us like just like two steps further?
Because I never get to talk on worship.
So can I just like take us as like an inch?
I need like two people to give me permission.
Perfect.
I'm doing it.
They said it.
Are you thoughtfully, intentionally and actively engaging your body when we sing?
See, fam, God made your body and it is good to which we can all say amen.
Like God made your body and it is fearfully and wonderfully made.
It is a good thing.
And like your mind and emotions, your body also needs to be formed into the way of Jesus.
See, he's really interested in what we do with our bodies, especially in worship.
So, we purposefully engage our bodies when we sing.
Why?
Because we are training and forming our bodies into Christ's likeness.
Clapping.
It counter forms joy instead of cynicism.
See, lifting our hands, it trains surrender instead of control.
Stillness forms receiving instead of anxiously grasping, kneeling, embraces humility instead of pride, and dancing and jumping.
It cultivates freedom and community in a moment of isolation and fear.
See, what you do with your body is important.
This is not just about singing, it's about our whole selves, our whole lives, our whole being gathered up to be formed into the image.
And now here's the thing, every posture forms you.
Arms folded with coffee in hand, teaches your body something.
And I mean that with no disrespect, no shade, like no weirdness, just I'm actually telling you something real.
What you do with your body when we gather,
does something in you and to you and to us.
I started a leading worship when I was in junior high, last photo.
Yeah, look at that.
Ball batty.
And I'm so tired.
I need to put that away.
I remember feeling the need to, as a young worship leader, I remember just feeling the need to like measure my success as a worship leader by like, how many hands are raised?
It was like the only measurable thing I could do.
Like, am I doing a good job?
The people who lift hands on that, I guess it's going fine.
True story.
But y'all like doing this for now, a lot of my life, I've learned over the years that the worship God is after is not really about hands lifted in this room.
I mean, do that.
Please involve your body.
It's really important.
But the worship God is actually after.
Heavens when we leave here.
The real worship that matters most is outside of this space.
But what happens in here forms us for what we do out there.
The hands lifted in here helps form us who we are going to be, out there.
And so it's with our very bodies that God shapes us.
And at this point in my life and in story, all I just don't want us to miss out on what God wants to form in us through our bodies.
And now I get it.
Chairs in our room in particular can be limiting.
So if you needed permission, here it is.
Feel free at any point in a gathering to use the aisles or come to the front
It's not just for the children.
It's for all God's kids.
There you go.
It's for like all kids in the best of the sense.
But you do what you need to do to engage your body when you sing.
Think back on the last four Sunday gatherings you participated in.
Is there a way that you could push yourself a little bit, even in the language of the man who was after God's heart, David, to get a little more undignified than this?
Or as Paul wrote it, I urge you brothers and sisters and few of God's mercy
To offer your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and pleasing to God, this is your true and proper worship.
See, we practice singing our formative prayers by engaging our full selves, like the scripture teaches us, thoughtfully, intentionally, and actively.
So to help us live that out, to help us put that into practice, our church writes songs.
And as we've been growing as a people of prayer, particularly in this season, Bridgton Music has been writing songs to form that life of prayer in us.
Songs that help us practice what we preach.
They're shaping us each week as we've been singing them, and they'll be part of a record that is coming out in 2026.
So, yeah.
You don't have to stop being asked me anymore.
It's happening.
But these are songs that we've been actually singing for a while and recording behind your back.
But the whole point of this project isn't to just say we put out some music.
The whole aim is to form us as a people of prayer.
So this project will do three things.
It will teach us how to pray.
Songs like, you are quick to listen.
You always hear the song that forms us in our prayer.
It will give us prayers to pray.
And then it will have a ton of instrumental music that just creates space for you to pray.
So you can follow along on the new Bridgton music like Instagram and TikTok.
And you can join now by participating in our current prayer room.
Right now, downstairs, we have a prayer room for several weeks, 24 hours of prayer, themed around our church's daily prayer rhythm, a song that our church wrote that says,
Day by day will seek your face.
As the sun is setting, our thanks will rise.
We've known your presence.
You've been so kind.
It's a whole song geared around to the various rhythms of praying in the morning, praying in the middle of the day, praying in the evening, and praying through our unanswered prayers.
Someone called prayer song.
It's going to be on the project too.
You can participate right now through the prayer room.
As God's people have always done, our song prayers are shaping us to be with Jesus, become like Jesus, and do what Jesus did, or as Paul put it in Colossians chapter three, and let's actually read this out loud together, okay?
Colossians chapter three, let the message of Christ dwell among you richly as you teach and admonish one another with all wisdom through Psalms, hymns, and songs of the Spirit.
See, in a time of moral, political, and spiritual crisis, the world doesn't just need better systems or politics.
It needs a new kind of humanity.
Laws have never been able to form that kind of people, but the songs of God's people have always been one of his ways of transformation.
To paraphrase the philosopher and political activist, Andrew Fletcher, let me make the songs of a nation, and I care not who makes its laws.
Let me make the songs of a nation.
I care not who makes its laws.
See, he understood that what shapes the people most is not legislation but liturgy.
The words and melodies that get inside a people and slowly form us into something new.
As one historian notes, if St. Augustine was right in his claim that to sing is to pray twice, then Charles and the early Methodist people did a lot of praying.
Singing praise to God transforms the singer.
Those Christians who sing their prayers connect with God in ways beyond explanation.
Sacred song as prayer shapes the people of God.
See, all songs helped Methodists live out personal holiness and devotion, discipleship and community, and compassion for poor and marginalized.
The songs of their day helped the church in Colossae mature into the image of Jesus.
The songs of Jesus' day helped him endure the cross and be faithful to the Father.
So what could songs do for us in our day?
What could songs do in us in our day?
Today, I'm just inviting us to lean into this practice with a little bit more or actually with like everything you got.
to sing our prayers, to move beyond feelings and preference, to aim our voices at formation, to join in what the Spirit has been doing in us and then to pay attention.
Because as we're faithful, may this practice lead us to what we long for and what our world needs to become like Jesus.
Would you stand with me?
And could we do the thing we talked about if you're willing?
Would you open up your hands, close your eyes again, just as a way of being postured and open?
I said a lot and I normally say it quickly.
And the most important voice today is the Holy Spirit within you.
So one more time as you pay attention, Holy Spirit, what are you saying to me?
Always spirit.
What are you saying to me?
Spirit of the living God,
Pull the fresh on me
of speed.
Thanks for joining the Bridgestown family as we engage in this teaching series.
To learn more about the life of our church and how you can get involved, visit bridgestown.church.com.
If you're interested in contributing financially to Bridgestown Church and to our ministry, you can do that at bridgestown.church.gov.
Wherever you're joining us from, we hope this resource blesses you and encourages you to be with Jesus, become like Jesus, and do what Jesus did.